[container.opt.reqmts] Index 3-way compare for containers (#6220)
cplusplus/draft: source/containers.tex

then the operations described below
are implemented by constexpr functions.

> \indexlibrarymember{array}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{deque}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{forward_list}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{list}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{vector}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{map}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{set}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{multiset}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{multimap}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{unordered_map}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{unordered_set}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{unordered_multiset}{operator<=>}%
> \indexlibrarymember{unordered_multimap}{operator<=>}%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\indexcont{operator<=>}%
```

Reviewer: Readded `forward_list`.

Reviewer: The difference is that `\indexcont` uses `\indexlibrarymemberx`, which only adds the member under the container, rather than both ways.

then the operations described below
are implemented by constexpr functions.

> % Local command to index names as members of all containers.

Reviewer 2: I don't have a preference on which way to do this, but I would prefer:

```suggestion
% Local command to index a name as a member of all containers.
```
